My name is Ed Ashrith Shetty. I'm an senior software engineer. I'm originally from Managalore, India.Currently working in EG India as a senior software Engineer.

Best describe myself as : Honest , accountable, Will go far to deliver what was promised and Highly dependable.
Current Location : Mangalore
Will to Relocate : Yes
Job type :WFH, Hybrid or Office (flexible)
Employment gap : None
Currently serving Notice period : No
Other Offers : No
Attending other Interviewes: No
Current CTC : Would like to keep discuss in Private
Expected CTC : Would like to Discuss in Private
Certification: None, But actively completed more than 50 courses platforms like udemy , puralsite etc across subject like angular, c# , docker , AI etc
Notice Period : Offically 3 months, but negociable to 2 months.
Hobies: Reading Self Help Books, badminton and Travelling.
Currenlty Learning : Agentic AI

Recomandations 

Prashant Srivastava
Software Engineer at Intel Corporation

"I had the privilege of collaborating directly with Ashrith in the Endeavor team within Intel, where he was a continually beneficial contributor and dependable team member. From day one, Ashrith had a combination of exceptional technical skills, problem-solving capability, and team-first mindset that elevated the collective performance of the team.

His ability to understand complex systems within a short period of time, break down issues into manageable steps, and deliver quality solutions has been a gem to our projects. Apart from his technical skills, Ashrith is an individual who distributes a positive vibration in the workplace, always congenial, motivating, and willing to do the extra work to let others shine." 


Jonathan Oliveira
Software Engineer at Intel CorporationSoftware Engineer at Intel Corporation

"I've worked directly with Ashrith for nearly a decade, and gotten to know him and his work quite well over that time. I current server in a senior software developer role at Intel (for factory automation) which is where I worked with Ashrith. His qualities really shine through in many different spaces. The first is his dedication. He will be enthusiastic to start any task, and will always see it through to the end. It does not matter if he has done it before or not, he does not make excuses, and will be tenacious in seeing the job done until completion. Which leads me into second quality, building his technical skills to match the job. Ashrith will take all necessary steps to make sure he upskills himself, in order to develop software features assigned to him. Thirdly, his ability to uplift and help others makes him more than just an individual contributor. The nature of our work at Intel necessitated ever shifting resources and constraints. Ashrith would always take time and effort to ensure that other developers, junior and senior, had what they needed to complete their work, and deliver software on time.

I can vouch for his skills with web framework technologies like Angular or ASP.NET, DBMS systems like Oracle and SqlServer, and web APIs using dot net technologies and c# programming. I would highly recommend Ashrith for any positions using these, or similar techs (because as I mentioned above, he will self sufficient and self motivating to learn anything new).

Ashrith is the software developer you want on your team because he gets the job done, and doesn't make excuses. I always wanted him on my teams because he brings everything needed to success in modern software development to the table. He clearly differentiates himself from others with his dedication and enthusiasm."